# SNHU_OperatingPlatforms
This was my final project for the Operating Systems Class. It's the first software design document that I've created and includes an executive summary, requirements, constraints, a domain model, operating platform evaluations and in-depth reccomendations for each piece of the project. The design document was created for a fictional client : The Game Room for their Android mobile game, Draw It or Lose It.  The client wanted their game to be developed as a web-based distributed game application so they can expand it to all major operating systems. I took time to throughly explain how the domain model works , so that most people could understand how the Player, Team, Game, Game Service, and Game Driver class all work together as a system to provide functions for the game. I also did a substantial amount of research to support my final reccomendations for server operating platform, architecture, storage management, memory management, distributed systems and networks and security. 
One thing I found helpful about the design document when developing the code was the domain model. For example, seeing that the Game Service class has a private constructor, private static Game Service object, and a method to getInstance(), it was clear that it was set up to be a singleton class. This was also reinforced when looking at the project as a whole, since only one instance of the game should be running on a client's computer at a time. <add one more here>  . One part of the document I'd choose to revise is the evaluation section.  I could have added some more platform-specific characteristics for the client-side section. I interpreted the user's needs by thinking over all requirements that were originally presented and how that would affect all major apsects of the project's design. I thought about the end user's experience playing the game, picturing myself as one and how I'd like everything to run quickly, smoothly and securely. These end user goals greatly influenced my final reccomendations. One should always be thinking about how design considerations affect the user as they are the ones using the software and how well they enjoy*  it is important. I approached designing the software by first outlining all the neccessary functionality. Then, I considered the architectural constraints . Next, I researched the  frameworks, tools, operating platforms, and programming languages to carry out those functions. 
